Computer graphics won't be the same without the first object, with a highly complexity, ever done on computer: the Utah Teapot from Martin Newell in his days as an Ph.D. student back in the 70's. Ever since, it had been in many projects subsequently from it the beginning of a new era. It is not coincidence that the first complex 3D object ever processed by a computer is on may subsequent projects. It was milestone in the history not only for computer science, but for every on the earth.Other 3D objects preceded the teapot, but, they were basic forms and not demonstrated complex and displayed minor problems of presenting light effects. Many 3D objects were made before, but he was interested in something different. Newell was searching for an object that could display all the effects that will make could possible to use to be worthy of the algorithm he had on mind.He was in this crossroads and one day he told his wife that he was in the pursuit of an object that could adjust to really performed all the effects that he wanted to accomplish. His wife suggested that he could make use of a the teapot they were using at the moment. In contrast with other objects, because the teapot was composed of many parts it could projected more complex shadows.After that light on his work, he started to write down details about the teapot. He made a drawn of the teapot on a Cartesian plane and pointed out the geometry of the teapot. Later on, he got on his lab and entered all the data he got from the teapot. In some demonstration of his own program, he did a a larger model of the teapot which he liked more than the previous one.In behalf of the investigation concerning 3D objects, it was very plausible that he and his partner let everyone to use it's teapot model to further researchers to continue the task of diversing more in the world of computer graphics. From that moment on, every work related to 3D objects it first tested their project with the teapot as first challenge to get through.The Utah Teapot it remains after then and nowadays. Some programs has it as an default shape and many entertainment media make an appearance of the teapot in a brief moment of the film or TV episode. As simple as the teapot is, some innovations in the computer field are. Isn't to force ourselves to reach some complex peak of intelligence. Start at the bottom, keep it simple and build it from there.